Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we're going to talk about a useful widget which is known as List View that builder.
And the reason for this is because in the future we might have a little test over here which is going
to save us the category name and it could be endless.
And in order to display sort and less tests, we need to use a property which is known as list view
the beta.
Now over here you can see we are basically having a position with that.
And what the position is going to basically do is it's going to tell us how this container is going
to be placed.
And you can see the position has a property which is known as bottom.
And over here we are basically setting that to zero that says we do not need any space at the bottom.
So it's going to take this right to the hedge.
Okay.
And as well, the position widget also has a property known as left right.
And we're also saying this is zero.
That is, we do not need any space at the left side and the position to house do also have a property
known as container.
And we are basically saying how we're going to place this container.
Right.
Okay.
And now, as you know, the container has a property known as child.
And for the child, it's going to be this property you've not seen before.
This view, the builder, the item builder can take in two main properties.
That is the context and the index that is each test will basically have.
And this most of the time you don't really need to specify.
But we could say build contest.
And the index is basically referring to the first item or each test.
And so it's going to be a number so we can say it's.
Okay.
And over here we can then return.
It tests.
And maybe men at this.
I think we need that over there and use control and that's to save.
He's going to get rid of this.
Hopefully it's going to work with that.
He can see it over there, men and.
Do.
Currently it is endless.
Right.
And what we can do, we can limit this the least view.
The theater has a property known as item counts and we can just say we need several item use controls
to save.
And you can you're just going to see just seven.
And the list with the theater also has the scroll duration and four.
Default is going to take the vertical shape that is from top to bottom.
But you can also see as this.
Has this got a visitor to take the horizontal shape that is from left to right.
And this way you can see it now.
And you can see we can scroll just like this.
Okay.
We just want the vertical shape so we can just get rid of that.
And you can see the right now.
Okay.
What we can also do.
We can give some space to easily do that.
We can say we want this test to take 100% of the container.
So what we can just do, we can wrap this with a size box or a container, right?
And this has both has a property known as height, and we can then set it to hundred percent.
We need to come over there.
Look, you can see and we can take this to the center of the container.
To do that, a light and use control dot and rapid center.
And we could also have the train come over here to give a very good format.
And.
You can see currently it's at the center and we can basically screw this way.
Okay.
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.